tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_ae = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodAE:AutoEncoderPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_vae = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodVAE:VariationalAutoEncoderPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_cof = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodCOF:COFPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_sod = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodSOD:SODPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_abod = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodABOD:ABODPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_hbos = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodHBOS:HBOSPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_iforest = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodIsolationForest:IsolationForestPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_lof = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodLOF:LOFPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_knn = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodKNN:KNNPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_ocsvm = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodOCSVM:OCSVMPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_loda = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodLODA:LODAPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_cblof = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodCBLOF:CBLOFPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_sogaal = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodSoGaal:So_GaalPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.pyod_mogaal = tods.detection_algorithm.PyodMoGaal:Mo_GaalPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.matrix_profile = tods.detection_algorithm.MatrixProfile:MatrixProfilePrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.AutoRegODetector = tods.detection_algorithm.AutoRegODetect:AutoRegODetectorPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.LSTMODetector = tods.detection_algorithm.LSTMODetect:LSTMODetectorPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.PCAODetector = tods.detection_algorithm.PCAODetect:PCAODetectorPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.KDiscordODetector = tods.detection_algorithm.KDiscordODetect:KDiscordODetectorPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.deeplog = tods.detection_algorithm.DeepLog:DeepLogPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.telemanom = tods.detection_algorithm.Telemanom:TelemanomPrimitive
tods.detection_algorithm.system_wise_detection = tods.detection_algorithm.SystemWiseDetection:SystemWiseDetectionPrimitive
